AUTH-1138: add a readme for the acceptance tests (#58)
alphagov/di-authentication-acceptance-tests: README.md

# di-authentication-acceptance-tests

This repo contains automated browser based [Cucumber](https://cucumber.io/) tests for [GOV.UK Sign In](https://auth-tech-docs.london.cloudapps.digital/).

> They run against the build environment in the di-authentication-deployment pipeline in the [acceptance-tests](https://cd.gds-reliability.engineering/teams/verify/pipelines/di-authentication-deployment/jobs/acceptance-tests) task as a gate before further deployments.  They can also be run locally in order to build and make changes to the test suite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The acceptance tests runs against the build environment in the di-authentication-deployment pipeline. The [acceptance-tests](https://cd.gds-reliability.engineering/teams/verify/pipelines/di-authentication-deployment/jobs/acceptance-tests) job must pass before any code is deployed to the production and integration environments. They can also be run locally in order to build and make changes to the test suite.
```

## How to run the tests

> The tests can be run either in debug mode, where the tests will pause to accept entry of OTP codes before continuing, or in fully automated mode, where a test client is used to handle OTP.  The tests run in fully automated mode in the build pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tests can be run either in debug mode, where the tests will pause to accept entry of one-time password (OTP) codes before continuing, or in fully automated mode, where a test client is used to handle OTP.  The tests run in fully automated mode in the build pipeline.
```
